CSV (Comma-Separated Values) and JSON (JavaScript Object Notation) are two widely used formats for storing and exchanging data. 
CSV is best for tabular data like spreadsheets, while JSON is ideal for structured data with nested relationships,
 especially in web applications.
 example of csv:
 name,email,age,city
John Doe,john@example.com,28,New York
Jane Smith,jane@example.com,34,Los Angeles
example of json:
{
  "name": "John Doe",
  "email": "john@example.com",
  "age": 28,
  "city": "New York"
}


rest api:A REST API (Representational State Transfer API) is a way for applications to communicate with each other over the web using standard HTTP methods 
like GET, POST, PUT, and DELETE. It’s the backbone of modern apps—your phone’s food delivery, payment gateways, and even train 
booking systems rely on REST APIs to send and receive data. 
Here are categories and examples of REST APIs that are commonly used:

📊 Data & Testing
JSONPlaceholder → Fake online REST API for testing and prototyping.

Random User API → Generates random user data (names, emails, addresses).

Agify API → Predicts age based on a name.

🌦️ Weather & Location
Open-Meteo Weather API → Free weather forecasts.

IP-API → Geolocation based on IP address.

Google Maps API → Location search, directions, and geocoding.

💰 Finance & Crypto
CoinGecko API → Cryptocurrency prices, market data, and charts.

PayPal REST API → Payment processing and transactions.

Stripe API → Online payments and subscriptions.

📱 Social Media & Communication
Twitter API → Fetch tweets, user data, and trends.

Instagram Graph API → Access posts, stories, and analytics.

Slack API → Automate messaging and integrations.

Discord API → Manage servers, bots, and messages.

🛠️ Developer Tools
GitHub API → Repositories, commits, issues, and pull requests.

YouTube Data API → Video search, analytics, and channel info.

ChatGPT API (OpenAI) → Natural language processing and AI responses.

🐾 Fun & Miscellaneous
PokeAPI → Pokémon data for games and apps.

Cat Facts API → Random cat trivia.

Dog API → Images and facts about dogs.